adding the API contracts (#7)
WayScience/ZedProfiler: CONTRIBUTING.md

% uv run pytest
```

### Linting, testing, coverage, and updating coverage badges

> We apply a custom script to update our coverage badge in the README during our CI workflow.

Reviewer: Awesome! Thanks for spelling this out.

When running `scripts/update_coverage_badge.py` the script will parse the `coverage.xml` file generated from pytest and update the badge in the README with the new coverage percentage.
When running `just all` locally, the coverage badge will not be updated since it is intended to be updated as part of the CI workflow.

```

> just all

Reviewer: Consider providing an indication of "which" "all" we're meaning when we call this from `just`. For example `all-prep` or something could help distinguish what you mean in the project.

Author: good point. I added this

```

the coverage badge will be automatically updated as part of the workflow.

> If you want to update the covererage then just run:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to update the coverage, run:
```
